extension~vector~test~test_files~insert.CopyAfterDeleteAll /home/bernie/Documents/code/kuzu/./extension/vector/test/test_files/insert.test
extension~vector~test~test_files~insert.MultipleInsertions /home/bernie/Documents/code/kuzu/./extension/vector/test/test_files/insert.test
extension~vector~test~test_files~insert.CopyToEmpty /home/bernie/Documents/code/kuzu/./extension/vector/test/test_files/insert.test
extension~vector~test~test_files~insert.SerialInsertionsToNonEmpty /home/bernie/Documents/code/kuzu/./extension/vector/test/test_files/insert.test
extension~vector~test~test_files~insert.BulkInsertToNonEmpty /home/bernie/Documents/code/kuzu/./extension/vector/test/test_files/insert.test
extension~vector~test~test_files~insert.BulkInsertToEmpty /home/bernie/Documents/code/kuzu/./extension/vector/test/test_files/insert.test
extension~vector~test~test_files~insert.InsertToNonEmpty /home/bernie/Documents/code/kuzu/./extension/vector/test/test_files/insert.test
extension~vector~test~test_files~error_suppress.CreateSkipIfExists /home/bernie/Documents/code/kuzu/./extension/vector/test/test_files/error_suppress.test
extension~vector~test~test_files~delete.DeleteBulk /home/bernie/Documents/code/kuzu/./extension/vector/test/test_files/delete.test
extension~vector~test~test_files~delete.DeleteSingle /home/bernie/Documents/code/kuzu/./extension/vector/test/test_files/delete.test
extension~vector~test~test_files~transaction.MultipleInsertionsRecovery /home/bernie/Documents/code/kuzu/./extension/vector/test/test_files/transaction.test
extension~vector~test~test_files~transaction.InsertRecovery /home/bernie/Documents/code/kuzu/./extension/vector/test/test_files/transaction.test
extension~vector~test~test_files~transaction.DropHNSWRollbackRecovery /home/bernie/Documents/code/kuzu/./extension/vector/test/test_files/transaction.test
extension~vector~test~test_files~transaction.CreateHNSWRollback /home/bernie/Documents/code/kuzu/./extension/vector/test/test_files/transaction.test
extension~vector~test~test_files~transaction.DeleteBulkRecovery /home/bernie/Documents/code/kuzu/./extension/vector/test/test_files/transaction.test
extension~vector~test~test_files~transaction.DeleteRecovery /home/bernie/Documents/code/kuzu/./extension/vector/test/test_files/transaction.test
extension~vector~test~test_files~transaction.DropHNSWComitRecovery /home/bernie/Documents/code/kuzu/./extension/vector/test/test_files/transaction.test
extension~vector~test~test_files~transaction.CreateHNSWComitRecovery /home/bernie/Documents/code/kuzu/./extension/vector/test/test_files/transaction.test
extension~vector~test~test_files~transaction.DropHNSWComit /home/bernie/Documents/code/kuzu/./extension/vector/test/test_files/transaction.test
extension~vector~test~test_files~transaction.CreateHNSWComit /home/bernie/Documents/code/kuzu/./extension/vector/test/test_files/transaction.test
extension~vector~test~test_files~transaction.DropHNSWRollback /home/bernie/Documents/code/kuzu/./extension/vector/test/test_files/transaction.test
extension~vector~test~test_files~transaction.CreateHNSWAutoCommit /home/bernie/Documents/code/kuzu/./extension/vector/test/test_files/transaction.test
extension~vector~test~test_files~small.DeleteThenReinsert /home/bernie/Documents/code/kuzu/./extension/vector/test/test_files/small.test
extension~vector~test~test_files~small.IndexNameConfliction /home/bernie/Documents/code/kuzu/./extension/vector/test/test_files/small.test
extension~vector~test~test_files~small.MetricDotProduct /home/bernie/Documents/code/kuzu/./extension/vector/test/test_files/small.test
extension~vector~test~test_files~small.TinyReload /home/bernie/Documents/code/kuzu/./extension/vector/test/test_files/small.test
extension~vector~test~test_files~small.NullVecs /home/bernie/Documents/code/kuzu/./extension/vector/test/test_files/small.test
extension~vector~test~test_files~small.Yield /home/bernie/Documents/code/kuzu/./extension/vector/test/test_files/small.test
extension~vector~test~test_files~small.8DimDP /home/bernie/Documents/code/kuzu/./extension/vector/test/test_files/small.test
extension~vector~test~test_files~small.960DimFromDisk /home/bernie/Documents/code/kuzu/./extension/vector/test/test_files/small.test
extension~vector~test~test_files~small.NullAndDeletedVecs /home/bernie/Documents/code/kuzu/./extension/vector/test/test_files/small.test
extension~vector~test~test_files~small.DropHNSW /home/bernie/Documents/code/kuzu/./extension/vector/test/test_files/small.test
extension~vector~test~test_files~small.DISABLED_InstallOfficialExtension /home/bernie/Documents/code/kuzu/./extension/vector/test/test_files/small.test
extension~vector~test~test_files~small.EmptyTbl /home/bernie/Documents/code/kuzu/./extension/vector/test/test_files/small.test
extension~vector~test~test_files~small.Tiny /home/bernie/Documents/code/kuzu/./extension/vector/test/test_files/small.test
extension~vector~test~test_files~small.8DimDPImportExport /home/bernie/Documents/code/kuzu/./extension/vector/test/test_files/small.test
extension~vector~test~test_files~small.8DimL2 /home/bernie/Documents/code/kuzu/./extension/vector/test/test_files/small.test
extension~vector~test~test_files~small.NullAndDeletedVecsFromDisk /home/bernie/Documents/code/kuzu/./extension/vector/test/test_files/small.test
extension~vector~test~test_files~small.960Dim /home/bernie/Documents/code/kuzu/./extension/vector/test/test_files/small.test
extension~vector~test~test_files~small.DeletedVecs /home/bernie/Documents/code/kuzu/./extension/vector/test/test_files/small.test
extension~vector~test~test_files~small.8DimCos /home/bernie/Documents/code/kuzu/./extension/vector/test/test_files/small.test
extension~vector~test~test_files~small.ShowIndexes /home/bernie/Documents/code/kuzu/./extension/vector/test/test_files/small.test
extension~vector~test~test_files~small.8DimCosDouble /home/bernie/Documents/code/kuzu/./extension/vector/test/test_files/small.test
extension~vector~test~test_files~filter.Example /home/bernie/Documents/code/kuzu/./extension/vector/test/test_files/filter.test
extension~vector~test~test_files~filter.Filtered8DimCos3 /home/bernie/Documents/code/kuzu/./extension/vector/test/test_files/filter.test
extension~vector~test~test_files~filter.Filtered8DimCos2 /home/bernie/Documents/code/kuzu/./extension/vector/test/test_files/filter.test
extension~vector~test~test_files~filter.Filtered8DimCos /home/bernie/Documents/code/kuzu/./extension/vector/test/test_files/filter.test
extension~vector~test~test_files~filter.Filtered8DimL23 /home/bernie/Documents/code/kuzu/./extension/vector/test/test_files/filter.test
extension~vector~test~test_files~filter.Filtered8DimL2 /home/bernie/Documents/code/kuzu/./extension/vector/test/test_files/filter.test
extension~vector~test~test_files~filter.CopyAfterCreateIndexWithFilter /home/bernie/Documents/code/kuzu/./extension/vector/test/test_files/filter.test
extension~vector~test~test_files~filter.Filtered8DimDotProduct3 /home/bernie/Documents/code/kuzu/./extension/vector/test/test_files/filter.test
extension~vector~test~test_files~filter.Filtered8DimDotProduct2 /home/bernie/Documents/code/kuzu/./extension/vector/test/test_files/filter.test
extension~vector~test~test_files~filter.Filtered8DimL22 /home/bernie/Documents/code/kuzu/./extension/vector/test/test_files/filter.test
extension~vector~test~test_files~filter.Filtered8DimDotProduct /home/bernie/Documents/code/kuzu/./extension/vector/test/test_files/filter.test
extension~vector~test~test_files~error.RunFunctionWithoutExtension /home/bernie/Documents/code/kuzu/./extension/vector/test/test_files/error.test
extension~vector~test~test_files~error.NgativeK /home/bernie/Documents/code/kuzu/./extension/vector/test/test_files/error.test
extension~vector~test~test_files~error.DropColumnWithIndex /home/bernie/Documents/code/kuzu/./extension/vector/test/test_files/error.test
extension~vector~test~test_files~error.DropTableWithIndex /home/bernie/Documents/code/kuzu/./extension/vector/test/test_files/error.test
extension~vector~test~test_files~error.InCorrectSearchThreshold /home/bernie/Documents/code/kuzu/./extension/vector/test/test_files/error.test
extension~vector~test~test_files~error.CastingError /home/bernie/Documents/code/kuzu/./extension/vector/test/test_files/error.test
extension~vector~test~test_files~error.ProjectedGraphError /home/bernie/Documents/code/kuzu/./extension/vector/test/test_files/error.test
extension~vector~test~test_files~error.ParamError /home/bernie/Documents/code/kuzu/./extension/vector/test/test_files/error.test
extension~vector~test~test_files~error.Error /home/bernie/Documents/code/kuzu/./extension/vector/test/test_files/error.test
extension~vector~test~test_files~demo.demo /home/bernie/Documents/code/kuzu/./extension/vector/test/test_files/demo.test
